EditBook, Multiple Editors/Publishers
2020 19Jan
  editBook.php
  When selecting the button Add a New Editor to this book or Add a new publisher to this book,
  it is intended that there is no existing editor/publisher. However if you do decide to Add a
  new editor/publisher. The code actually does add the new editor/publisher to the book. The
  most recent addition is what you currently will see when book information is requested. You
  will see, thought, that when that editor/publisher is deleted the previously stored editor/
  publisher shows up instead of none.

  Fix: The code is already working, but we need a way to show more than one editor/publisher.
  if editor/publisher is added to the B2R2P/B2R2O then add the html that says Editor/Publisher
  Name: and it will list two. Or find a way to add the second to the first separated by a comma.

  Or could only allow one editor/publisher to be added by disabling the add editor/publisher if
  one already exists. See editBook.php there is a disable variable on the edit Existing Publisher
  info when there is no existing publisher so the user cannot click the wrong button.


EditBook.php
2020 19Jan
  If book does not have an editor/publisher and the user chooses to edit the editor/publisher
  the user ends up at addOrg which would be where they would normally edit existing info.
  However it the user adds the info here, it simply sends them to addRole where they get stuck.
  None of the right info is sent and they can only back up with the back arrow or go back to
  the beginning page.


  apostrophe in the searched for name:
  How do we make it so the name searched for does not also end up with a back slash?


Catalogues of Classical Compositions
  After much research for both how a catalogue might be indicated, and encountering the vast list
  of catalogues and their abbreviations, I have decided to allow the user to type in the
  Catalogue abbreviation for each composer. That is the field called 'opus-like'. I plan to
  rename it 'Catalogue abbreviation' at some point.